Hi, everyone, in this that year, we're going to continue implementing the Flipkart functionality.
All right, so we are still in our statement blog.
The reason for that is the first click is easy to find out when it is first click its first car.
But when the second click happens, it means that it is the second car.
And then we need to do a bunch of logic to find out whether that card, which is the second card, is
equal to the first card.
If it is equal, then what should we do?
If it is not equal, then what should we do?
So that's why everything happens in the P&L statement.
All right.
So we have successfully mapped where the second card is now.
What do we want to do to find out whether those cards match and when they match?
Then what do we want to do?
Right.
So here is where we are going to implement another if statement because we want to find out if their
match.
We're going to do one thing.
If they're not a match, we are going to do another thing.
All right.
So if and we have we have successfully found out.
Yeah, we have successfully found out the values for the data set, that name of those cards, which
are click.
So through that we can find out if they match.
So first card, the data set date name, which I have given it myself, if it matches the second card,
the data set.
Does name if they match, it means that the first card and the second card, they are the same.
All right.
And when they're are the same, it means that it is a match.
M80, C.H., and what do we want to do, we want to disable the cars, it means we want to we want our
cars to stay where they are.
We do not want to move them.
We do not want our cars to flip.
So I'm just going to call them disable the cards.
So how can we disable those cards?
The cards, they have an event on them.
And this event is a click event.
So let's go ahead and let's remove that event.
So we are going to grab our first card that we have another method that is remove event listener, event
listener.
OK, so what is the event, the event is a click event and what is the function associated with that
event?
It is the Flipkart function, so we are going to remove it from the first cart as well as the second
cart.
So when there are a match, we want to remove this event listeners.
It means that we want to disable the cards.
What if it's not a match when it is not a match?
We are going to run in our statement.
If it is not a match, OK, and we want to grab our first car now, first off, let's talk about what
if it is not a match?
If it is not a match, we want to flip the cards again, OK?
It means we want to add the flip card class to our first car, to the second car.
If they're a match, we want them to stay there, to stay flipped or to be disabled.
If they are not a match, then we want to we want them to flip, OK?
So something like that, so I'm in here, I'm going to say not a match, then what do we want to do?
We want and flip cards.
All right.
So we are going to grab the first card and we are going to say class list, dot remove.
Remove the fluff class, and if you remember correctly, this is where we added the flipped class,
the flipped class basically says that the cars, they should rotate 180 degrees and receive a perspective.
And when they are not a match, we do not want them rotated.
We just want him to flip again.
OK, or to flip.
And we are going to apply that for the second card as well, and then we are going to dive in and see
our results.
So let's come here.
So when I click on this one and I click on this one, because both of them are a match, they're going
to disable, they're going to stay.
Now, let's click on this cat and mouse click on this.
Both of them are the same.
So that's why they stay.
So let's click on this and let's click on this.
And whenever I click on it now, you guys can see there isn't a bug with this.
There is an issue.
The issue is that before seeing the second card, the first card and flips.
And why is that?
The reason for that is because this card, the second card that I just clicked, is not equal to the
first card.
That's why the both of them then flip.
See, this is a cat and this is a dog.
Now, we should be able to see this change.
OK, now, whenever they are a match, they are going to stay, of course, but when they're not a match,
we should be able to see that that they are not a match.
This happens so fast that we cannot see it.
Well, it happens like in no time before like like before showing the card.
The second card, this statement comes in and it removes the flipped class.
But we want to we want to have some time to see the second card and to know for ourselves that they
do not match and then they should flip.
But because they are they do not match, they flip immediately.
But we do not want to do that.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to cut this and I'm going to create a set time out function.
Right.
And in sit time out function.
Let's go ahead and let's yeah.
Let's create a function.
But you know what?
This is not the optimum way of doing it.
So I'm going to create an arrow function for now.
Just keep this in mind that this is the syntax and I'm going to give it 1500 milliseconds.
It means that the time that we will have to look at the second card, even though it is not a match,
is going to be one point five seconds.
Then in here we are going to add a block of code.
So this block of code is going to be active for 1500 seconds.
So let's click on this and on this, we know both of them are a match.
What about this and this?
Exactly after one point five seconds, they are going to unfold.
We do not want them to unclip immediately.
We want them to to be shown to the user that they're not a match, then they should.
Honfleur, you can increase or decrease this time.
This is in milliseconds.
That's up to you.
But I think 1500 is is a good time.
So this is a cat and this is a hamster.
They do not match.
They flip.
If they match, they they get disabled or they stay.
All right, this is going to be it for this video.
See you guys in the next one.